chore: add contributing.md and code_of_conduct.md (#6)
plskz/auto-dop: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

- Public or private harassment
- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address, without their explicit permission
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

## Our Responsibilities

All Core Members are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

All Core Members have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily/permanently, with properly communicated reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces. Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

## Enforcement

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the Core Members responsible for enforcement at our official [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/CsYcA7m67b) by contacting an admin in [#report](https://discord.com/channels/) channel, or email `report@erutidians.tech`. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the Core Members responsible for enforcement at our official [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/5vatpedtsq) by contacting an admin in [#report](https://discord.com/channels/972258637378625597/996868532430184488) channel, or email `report@erutidians.tech`. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.
```
